[Terraform] Editing ec_deployment_traffic_filter.md (#172)
elastic/terraform-provider-ec: docs/resources/ec_deployment_traffic_filter.md

The following arguments are supported:

* `name` - (Required) Name of the ruleset.
* `type` - (Required) Type of the ruleset.  It can be `"ip"` or `"vpce"`.
* `region` - (Required) Filter region, the ruleset can only be attached to deployments in the specific region.
* `rule` (Required) Rule block, which can be specified multiple times for multiple rules.
* `include_by_default` - (Optional) To automatically include the ruleset in the new deployments. Defaults to `false`.
* `description` - (Optional) Description of the ruleset.

### Rules

> The `rule` supports the following configuration options:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `rule` block supports the following configuration options:
```

> * `source` - (Required) Source type, IP or VPC endpoint, from which the ruleset accepts traffic.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `source` - (Required) Source type, `"ip"` or `"vpce"`, from which the ruleset accepts traffic.
```
